well there were some excellent news
delivered here at the Missouri athletic
training complex on Tuesday Missouri
offensive lineman Elvis Fisher has been
granted a sixth year of eligibility by
the NCAA and he will be back in the
black and gold next season Elvis first
of all tell us a little bit about the
process of trying to to gain that extra
of eligibility because I know it was a
long and difficult one for you yes it
was very difficult for not just for me
but our you know athletic training staff
our coaching staff and on compliance
office it was just a long process of
getting paperwork I mean tons and tons
of paperwork I can't tell you how many
stacks papers I saw and I can't tell you
how many you know how big the stack was
that we sent over to the NC double-a but
um those people worked really hard and
Oh Rex and his trainers worked with
Coach ivy and strength and conditioning
staff along with the coaches and with
compliance to know get all the necessary
information that we needed to be able to
send the NC double-a and I think we did
all that stuff in a timely fashion and
it was good to hear back from him I
don't know how involved you you were in
that process but you know can you tell
us what kinds of things there they're
looking for when they're trying to make
this determination about whether or not
they're going to give you that extra
year or not yeah one of the big key
factors you know everyone was asking me
well I mean you were hurt all year so
they should just give it to you but I
was as well the incidental a doesn't
just did not base since I'm a fifth year
guy already it's not based off the year
I was injured it's based off my redshirt
season so I had a lot of medical stuff
and that's the reasons that out reasons
why i redshirted back then due to an
illness that i had so i had to get a lot
of you know weight charts and a lot of
stuff that showed that i was held out of
practice due to a medical illness that i
had and we had a lot of paperwork on
that way charge to show a significant
weight loss and just you know a lot of
little things that people don't really
notice you know but there's a lot of
things that you know their strengths
staff and the the medical staff and all
that day they take in account and I'm so
they all did a great job and you know
unfortunately to get the answer that I
got and for you for the past several
months and now continuing it's all about
the recovery and if you folks didn't
know Elvis injured his knee just weeks
before the season heading into 2011 and
that's what brought all this on
are you feeling right now how far along
are you in your recovery to try to get
back to full strength I'm feeling pretty
good right now and you know I just
started I'm starting to run full speed
again and you know it's kind of it's
just all about right now it's just kind
of all about trusting myself and
trusting my knee cuz I'm a lot of the
stuff that you need to get back is you
know you know the cutting on it the
planning on it the being able to push
off it you know a lot of the stuff that
goes in as just strength and just trust
in yourself so right now I wouldn't
really say it's um it's not like rehab
in a sense of trying to get range of
motion all that because I got all that
stuff back it's just rehab in a sense of
you know working out and getting that
stronger and just being able to trust it
more how excited are you to get back to
work and and be an SEC football player
and be a part of this first Missouri
football team that's going to compete in
the Southeastern Conference I'm really
exciting no not very many people get the
opportunity to come back and play six
year I mean six years of college
football is great and I was going to be
a great experience being able to play
the first season in the SEC it's just a
great experience is a great opportunity
for me and I'm just really excited you
know get back out there and I get back
two hundred percent just start
practicing on the guys again and just
I'm gonna have fun this year i'ma have
fun with it you know I'm have fun with
the guys and I just going to be a good
time Elvis we appreciate your time look
forward to seeing you back in the field
thank you I appreciate it that's Elvis
Fisher back for another season after the
NCAA cleared him to be back in the black
and gold in 2012